The central dogma describes how DNA is transcribed into mRNA,
which is then translated into a sequence of amino acids that fold into proteins.
Proteins carry out the functions of the cell and, ultimately, life.
It turns out that one critical component in this process has been widely overlooked.
Transfer or tRNAs
tRNAs are naturally designed and modified to transfer an mRNA
encoded amino acid to the growing chain to create the final protein
product.
Without tRNA,
it is impossible to make proteins,
and at Alltrna,
we have deciphered tRNA's vast potential as a new kind of therapeutic to
treat a broad range of diseases.